feat(changelog): gpu-instances-added-l4-gpu-instances-now-available-in-p 2025-08-11 (#5396)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/august2025/2025-08-11-gpu-instances-added-l4-gpu-instances-now-available-in-p.mdx

---
title: L4 GPU Instances now available in par-1
status: added
date: 2025-08-11
category: compute
product: gpu-instances
---

> We are excited to expand the availability of our L4 Instances, our most versatile and cost-effective GPU instances ! L4 GPUs are now available in a second AZ in Paris (par-1, in addition of par-2) enabling high availability inference infrastructure for your projects. As a reminder, L4 GPU instances are also available in Warsaw region (waw-2)
> 
> 
> Key features include:
> 
> - Nvidia L4 24 GB (Ada Lovelace architecture)
> - 4th generation Tensor cores
> - 4th generation RT cores (graphics capability)
> - Available in multi-GPU 1, 2, 4 or 8 GPUs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’re excited to announce expanded availability for our L4 Instances — our most versatile and cost-effective GPU offering! L4 GPUs are now available in a second Availability Zone in Paris (par-1, in addition to par-2), making it easier to build highly available inference infrastructure for your projects.

As a reminder, L4 GPU instances are also available in the Warsaw region (waw-2).

Key features include:
- Nvidia L4 24 GB (Ada Lovelace architecture)
- 4th generation Tensor cores
- 4th generation RT cores (graphics capability)
- Available in multi-GPU 1, 2, 4 or 8 GPUs
```
